Now what we need to do is implement those two methods,
getPrimaryKey and getColumns.
To implement getPrimaryKey,
we need to first get all the fields that have been declared in a
class this Metamodel object is created on.
So to do that, we need to call the getDeclaredFields,
as we saw it in the slides, with the result in a variable,
which is an array of fields, and loop over those fields.
And now for each of those fields,
we need to check if there is this PrimaryKey annotation on it.
We have a special method for that, getAnnotation.
We need to pass the class of this annotation,
which is, in fact, the annotation itself.
So here, we are looking for the PrimaryKey class.
It is not really a class.
It's merely a type, but all the types in Java are modeled with classes.
This is going to return the PrimaryKey instance.
And if this instance is not null,
it means that we have found the field of the PrimaryKey.
That is the field we are looking for.
So let us create an instance of this PrimaryKey field.
PrimaryKeyField = new PrimaryKeyField,
and we are going to pass that field as a parameter and just return the subject.
If we exit this for loop without having found the PrimaryKey,
it means that we have not found the annotation we are
looking for on any of those fields.
So here, maybe we can throw a new IllegalArgumentException,
passing the message, No primary key found in class,
clss.getSimpleName,
just to tell the calling code that there is something
wrong with the class we are dealing with.
Now we need to create this particular constructor, PrimaryKeyField.
And what we can do is just map this field precisely to a field of that class.
It should be enough for the moment.
Let us go back to our Metamodel,
and now we need to do the same for the getColumns method.
We can just copy/paste this code here.
The difference is that we are not looking for the PrimaryKey annotation here,
but for the Column annotation.
So this getAnnotation method will return an instance of the Column annotation.
Let me rename this.
I've got this Alt+Shift+R shortcut to do that.
Let me call this annotation column.
So if this annotation has been found on this field,
I want to create, not a PrimaryKeyField,
but a ColumnField on that field.
Let me call this one columnField.
And we need to return the list of columnField,
so we need to add this object with columnFields
variable that we also need to create.
This is going to be our columnFields object, which can be an ArrayList.
And now, at the end of this for loop, we need to return this columnFields,
and if we call the add method here, it should be okay.
So now this method is okay.
What we need to do is create this constructor in the ColumnField,
and Eclipse is going to help us in that task,
creating this as a field of the ColumnField class.
So now we have created our metamodel that is analyzing this Person class, looking for the special annotations we have created.